♪♪
[ Fly buzzing ]
[ Elevator humming ]
[ Elevator bell dings ]
I can't fucking believe
we have to fucking work
on fucking Labor Day.
It's like everyone died.
Except worse,
because they didn't.
At least there are fewer
distractions here than at home.
I can't believe Kate and John
gave us an assignment
due the day
after Labor Day.
This is corporate fascism,
and we are big-time victims.
In fairness, they did give us
the assignment two months ago.
Oh, I'm sorry.
What were we supposed to do?
Evenly spread out the work
over the course of a few weeks?
You're right. That's crazy.
We are big-timevictims.
Thank you! [ Scoffs ]
♪♪
[ Ding! ]
[ Singsong voice ]
It's beginning to look
a lot like Labor Day.
Now that we have
every light source
in the building running
through one outlet,
let's write this speech
about reducing
Hampton DeVille's
carbon footprint.
God, it's hot in here.
I forgot they turn the A/C off
over the weekend.
Why did we even wear
suits today? Nobody's here.
I guess I was sort of
on autopilot this morning.
Most of the time, I'm barely
paying attention
to what I'm doing.
Sometimes I don't even
realize I'm at work
until I'm leaving
for the day.
[ Slurps ] Oh!
That coffee's from Friday.
If we're gonna be trapped
here on a holiday,
let's at least
be comfortable.
Okay, we know basically
what they need to say.
Let's just throw some stuff
out there.
All right.
How about this?
"Hi. I'm Kate,
and this is John,
and we're responsible
for a string of murders
across Central Florida
in 2003."
"Hi. I'm Kate, and this is John,
and for the next few minutes,
try not to imagine us
having terrifying sex."
Hi. I'm Kate,
and this is John,
and we flew here today
on a private fucking jet
to tell you about how the
environment is in trouble.
Are you giving a speech or
guiding a plane on the tarmac?
I'm using my hands
to speak.
Any good public speaker
will tell you
that the hands are
the mouth of the torso.
No one will
tell you that.
But if they did,
they would use...their hands.
Okay. How about this
for a second sentence?
"Hampton DeVille
is going green."
Ohh!
Powerful. Sorkin-esque.
This is really starting
to come together.
I'm hungry.
Oh, are you?
Yeah. I are.
[ Drawers sliding ]
♪♪
Ooh!
Really fancy cookies.
I think Grace knew
we would do this
and she left those there
for us to find.
I can't think of another
reason they'd be here.
What else does she
have in here?
-Oh, my God.
-Mmm.
Is this a mouse...house?
Whoa. This is crazy.
The attention to detail
is shocking.
Is that a coffee table
made of staples?
That's Grace's portrait on
the wall above the mouse's bed.
Is that a dart board
with a cat's face on it?
It's clever.
The floor's made
of popsicle sticks.
This must have taken
hundreds of hours.
It's a mouseterpiece.
Okay.
You think you know someone
for years,
and then you see something
like this, and you're like,
"I don't know who this person
is, and I never did."
I don't think I'll ever
recover from seeing this.
Okay. We should really
get back to work.
Definitely.
[ Clanking ]
Whoa.
This guy's been busy.
Matt: Jackpot!
[ Tchaikovsky's "Piano Concerto
No. 1 in B flat minor" playing ]
♪♪
Wait, Matt.
That's a Christmas tin.
That popcorn
is nine months old.
See? That's where
you're wrong.
But don't worry.
Popcorn doesn't expire.
It's like yogurt.
Oh!
"I had the dream again.
Christian told me
I had good taste in music.
The feeling was unlike anything
else I've ever experienced.
The next thing I knew,
I was flying,
soaring, in fact, sitting
on Christian's shoulders,
and I had no idea where
I left my bikini top."
Okay.
♪♪
It's tasteful.
Whoa. That's a lot
of stress balls.
Are these bite marks?
We should really
get back to work.
[ Hollow clanking ]
Best moment of my life
was hitting a home run
in Little League.
I was 9, and I was
terrible at baseball.
Awful.
But then, one time at bat,
I stepped up to the plate,
swung as hard as I could,
and blasted it over the fence!
Nobody on my team had hit
a home run all season.
But there I was,
Fatty Matty,
standing at home plate
stunned -- Puhh! --
as the ball
flew over the fence.
I have never again
felt anything
even really approaching
the joy that I felt that day.
Your life would be a Greek
tragedy if it weren't so boring.
All right, one more pitch,
and then let's get back to work.
♪♪
[ Crack! ]
Whoo!
Fatty Matty does it again!
♪♪
[ Doors creaking ]
Is that...a dinosaur?
[ Distant thud ]
Did you hear
something?
Christian: No, working from home
wasn't really an option.
Too many distractions.
I never should have bought
that rock tumbler.
Yeah. [ Laughs ]
I don't know why I agreed
to give this speech
in the first place.
I mean, the last thing
I fucking need
is another fucking honorary
degree from fucking Harvard.
[ Laughs ] I know.
All right.
Uh, talk soon, Eminem.
♪♪
[ Thud ]
♪ I'm forever blowing bubbles
♪ Pretty bubbles in the air
♪ They fly so high
♪ Nearly reach the sky
♪ Then, like my dreams,
they fade and die ♪
[ Clears throat ]
Good evening.
I'm Christian DeVille.
This honorary degree
from Harvard
is going to sit
in the trunk of my car.
Oh, come on, Chrissy.
Okay.
Um, I'm Christian DeVille.
And I was rejected by Harvard.
But that didn't stop me
from becoming
a self-important asshole.
♪♪
You're a wizard, Christian.
So you're going to Hogwarts.
[ Gasps ] Ohh!
You're looking quite handsome
tonight, Professor McGonagall.
Would you care to go out
for a butter beer?
Shut up, Draco!
You dirty Slytherin!
I'll see you
on the Quidditch field!
[ Soft crunch ]
Avada Kedavra, Snape!
Thank you,
Mr. President of Harvard,
for this honorary
doctorate degree.
But it would certainly
be a shame if somebody...
cut it in half!
Ahh.
[ Inhales sharply ]
[ Sword thuds ]
Hmm.
♪♪
Okay, Chrissy.
Here are the rules.
You slice this pear,
you go back to work.
[ Swish! ][ Groans ]
♪♪
[ Doors creak softly ]
[ Swish! ][ Grunts ]
[ Thud ]
[ Crunch ]
♪♪
Who's out there?!
-Those are my pants.
-Shit. Sorry.
[ Both breathing heavily ]
Can you tie my tie?
It takes me like five times
every time.
It'll just be faster
if you do it.
Umm...
-Hurry up, Jake.
-Shut up!
♪♪
"And, ultimately, going
green isn't just for us.
Going green is for
future generations."
[ Chuckles softly ]
Jake:
Ohh! Mr. DeVille.
Hi.
What are you
doing here?
Working on Labor Day,
if you can believe it.
We've been holed up
in this office all day.
There's an intruder
in the building.
♪♪
And they're still at large.
Come with me.
♪♪
Christian: I don't think I've
ever been down here before.
Matt:
This is our floor.
It's sort of the nerve center
of the company.
[ Fly buzzing ]
It's very sad.
♪♪
[ Clattering ][ Christian screams ]
[ Sighs ]
I have to say
this little hunt
is starting to feel
downright spooky.
We're like
the Hardy Boys, huh?
[ Chuckles ]
No. "Scooby-Doo."
You're Scooby.
You're Shaggy.
And I'm Velma.
She was the smart one.
♪♪
Matt: Well, looks like
the cafeteria's empty.
Whew.
Y-You know what they
used to do in "Scooby-Doo"?
They'd get distracted and make
these really big sandwiches.
[ Laughs ]
Yeah.
[ Tchaikovsky's "Piano Concerto
No. 1 in B flat minor" playing ]
♪♪
Christian: So you two were
the only ones here all day,
and you worked
the whole time?
Yeah. I guess you could say
work is our passion.
Impressive. I'm a bit of
a procrastinator myself.
If I don't want to do something,
oh, I just start goofing off.
I can't picture that.
I hate it when something
gets stuck in my teeth.
Ruins my whole day.
It always happens to me
with popcorn.
Popped corn?
Oh. Yeah.
I went to the movies
last night
and saw the new
Oscar-nominated
animated shorts with
my friend "Popcorn" --
David Corn.
Anyway, the shorts were --
The shorts were
really interesting shorts.
-Uh, there was --
-Dave is a really solid dude.
Hm.
You know what I'm always tempted
to do when I'm here alone?
What?
Snoop around in
other people's offices.
Wouldn't that be fun?
"Last night I had
my favorite dream again.
I was a lioness."
[ Laughs ]
"Licking Christian's head.
It tasted even better
than the last time."
♪♪
What's that?
I don't know.
Let's take a look.
Okay. I think I'm done looking
through John's office.
♪♪
Hmm.
Christian: When I was
8 years old, I hit
a home run in Little League,
which was a bit of a miracle
because typically,
I couldn't hit a thing.
[ Grunts ] Aah!
All the boys used to call me
Missy Chrissy.
I rode the bench all year.
But final game of the season,
coach had no choice
but to put me in.
[ Grunts ]
The game was tied.
Bottom of the ninth.
I stepped up to the plate.
And I knocked it
out of the park!
[ Chuckles ]
You know, even though
I own a multibillion-dollar
corporation...[ Spits ]
...hitting that home run
is still the greatest thing
that ever happened to me.
[ Grunts, laughs ]
Oh, G-- I'm just kidding.
But those Harvard idiots
will eat that up.
I'm gonna put that
in my speech.
All right. One more, and
then we get back to work.
Now, put a little stink
on this one, Shaggy Koufax.
♪♪
[ Clank! ]
In your face, Shaggy!
♪♪
Missy Chrissy does it again!
Hey, Matt!
Look what I found!
Christian: And the crowd
goes wild! [ Laughs ]
[ Grunts ]
John! What are you
doing here?!
I ordered a beautiful poster
as a little Labor Day
present for my wife,
but I forgot it in my office.
-What, you give Labor Day gifts?
-Well, yeah.
Well, we always exchange
gifts on Labor Day.
I mean, this is our first one,
but we always do it.
She got me a CD tower.
John!
I don't know how to
explain this to you,
but Christian has been stalking
the hallways of Hampton DeVille
with a sword looking for
an intruder eating popcorn,
and right now
you fit the description!
You need to get out of here,
or he's gonna kill you!
I had a dream about this.Go!
John. Ball.
Who were you
just talking to?
Nobody. I mean, myself.
You wouldn't lie to me,
would you, Shaggy?
[ Crunch ]
♪♪
Popped corn.
I think we should
get back to work.
That's a great idea.
And find that intruder
once and for all.
[ Crunch ]
♪ I'm forever blowing bubbles
♪ Pretty bubbles in the air
♪ They fly so high
♪ Nearly reach the sky
♪ Then, like my dreams,
they fade and die ♪
♪ Fortune's always hiding
♪ I've looked everywhere
[ John breathing rapidly ]
♪ I'm forever blowing bubbles
♪ Pretty bubbles in...
-Mr. DeVille, wait!
-Why?
[ Squeaking ]
Well, who do we have here?
So you'rethe intruder.
[ Laughs ]
And what a cute
little intruder you are.
I'm going to name you Trudy.
Trudy the Intruder.
[ Laughs ]
Well, Scooby, Shaggy, it looks
like we've solved our mystery.
Or should I say mouse-tery?
[ Laughs ]
Ha ha ha. Ha.
Boys, it's been fun, but
I've got to get back to work.
I'm going to lock myself
in this office
and not leave
until I'm finished.
Matt: Uh, but we still haven't
looked through Kate's office.
Now, Shaggy.
That'll have to wait
until next Labor Day.
Please...
find her a nice home.
[ Squeaking ]
Happy Labor Day, Trudy.
♪♪
♪ I'm forever blowing bubbles
♪ Pretty bubbles in the air
♪ They fly so high
♪ Nearly reach the sky
Well, Trudy,
thanks for saving us.
I wish I could take you home
and feed you to Pebbles,
but you showed me kindness,
so I will do the same to you.
♪ Fortune's always hiding
Okay, what do we have so far?[ Exhales sharply ]
"Hi. I'm Kate,
and this is John,
and Hampton DeVille
is going green."
Great. This thing is
gonna write itself.
We just hunker down and focus,
we'll be done in no time.
-Agreed.
-[ Slurps ] Oh!
By the way, I did a photo shoot
with Pebbles last night.
You want to see?Of course, I fucking
want to see.
Get over here.
♪ Pretty bubbles
-She's a natural beauty.
-She really pops on the screen.
She's a born star, and
I'll fucking kill anyone
who says otherwise.
-She should be in the movies.
-That's what I keep saying.
♪ It's just the things
that you do ♪
♪ They make me
go kind of creepy ♪
♪ Ha-ha, I don't know
♪ But I love it